this was Northern gaza's only special
needs Rehabilitation Center this is what
it looks like now after Israeli forces
bombed it the jabalia rehabilitation
Society was treating mainly those who
were
deaf in miday the Israeli Army
re-entered the north saying Hamas had
regrouped its troops targeted the
facility killing nine people
inside they intentionally destroyed the
premises with all units and Equipment
the management office hearing aid
department the academy they were all
destroyed by Israeli forces Palestinians
with special needs were deprived from
the only facility available to them the
center has provided services for
disabled people since the 199s
even the courtyard once a place for
children to play was not spared in the
attack residents Now search the rubble
for what's left
[Music]
in Gaza Palestinians are displaced from
one place to the
next fearing the next air strike
shelling or
shooting for people who are deaf it's an
even greater challenge to navigate a war
zone now those who have relied on this
Center say there's nowhere left to seek
help bad mahichi Al
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer